after this became to pass that David
after this became to pass that David attacked the Philistines and subdued
attacked the Philistines and subdued
attacked the Philistines and subdued them and David took mythic amma from the
them and David took mythic amma from the
them and David took mythic amma from the hand of the Philistines then he defeated
hand of the Philistines then he defeated
hand of the Philistines then he defeated Moab forcing them down to the ground he
Moab forcing them down to the ground he
Moab forcing them down to the ground he measured them off with a lie with two
measured them off with a lie with two
measured them off with a lie with two lines he measured off those to be put to
lines he measured off those to be put to
lines he measured off those to be put to death and with one full line those to be
death and with one full line those to be
death and with one full line those to be kept alive so the Moabites became
kept alive so the Moabites became
kept alive so the Moabites became David's servants and brought tribute
David's servants and brought tribute
David's servants and brought tribute David also defeated Haddad either the
David also defeated Haddad either the
David also defeated Haddad either the son of Rhea king of Zola as he went to
son of Rhea king of Zola as he went to
son of Rhea king of Zola as he went to recover his territory at the river
recover his territory at the river
recover his territory at the river Euphrates David took from him 1,000
Euphrates David took from him 1,000
Euphrates David took from him 1,000 chariots 700 horsemen and 20,000 foot
chariots 700 horsemen and 20,000 foot
chariots 700 horsemen and 20,000 foot soldiers also David hamstrung all the
soldiers also David hamstrung all the
soldiers also David hamstrung all the chariot horses except that he spared
chariot horses except that he spared
chariot horses except that he spared enough of them for 100 chariots
enough of them for 100 chariots
enough of them for 100 chariots when the Syrians of Damascus came to
when the Syrians of Damascus came to
when the Syrians of Damascus came to help had a diese
help had a diese
help had a diese king of zobar David killed twenty-two
king of zobar David killed twenty-two
king of zobar David killed twenty-two thousand of the Syrians then David put
thousand of the Syrians then David put
thousand of the Syrians then David put Garrison's in Syria of Damascus and the
Garrison's in Syria of Damascus and the
Garrison's in Syria of Damascus and the Syrians became David's servants and
Syrians became David's servants and
Syrians became David's servants and brought tribute so the Lord preserved
brought tribute so the Lord preserved
brought tribute so the Lord preserved David wherever he went and David took
David wherever he went and David took
David wherever he went and David took the shields of gold that her belonged to
the shields of gold that her belonged to
the shields of gold that her belonged to the servants of had a diese and brought
the servants of had a diese and brought
the servants of had a diese and brought them to Jerusalem also from beta and
them to Jerusalem also from beta and
them to Jerusalem also from beta and from Bharatha cities of had a visa
from Bharatha cities of had a visa
from Bharatha cities of had a visa King David took a large amount of bronze
King David took a large amount of bronze
King David took a large amount of bronze when tow i king of Hema heard that David
when tow i king of Hema heard that David
when tow i king of Hema heard that David had defeated all the army of had a diese
had defeated all the army of had a diese
had defeated all the army of had a diese then tow I sent Jerome his son to King
then tow I sent Jerome his son to King
then tow I sent Jerome his son to King David to greet him and bless him because
David to greet him and bless him because
David to greet him and bless him because he had fought against hadiza and
he had fought against hadiza and
he had fought against hadiza and defeated him for Herod Iza had been at
defeated him for Herod Iza had been at
defeated him for Herod Iza had been at war with tow I and children brought with
war with tow I and children brought with
war with tow I and children brought with him articles of silver articles of gold
him articles of silver articles of gold
him articles of silver articles of gold and articles of bronze King David also
and articles of bronze King David also
and articles of bronze King David also dedicated these to the Lord along with
dedicated these to the Lord along with
dedicated these to the Lord along with the silver and gold that he had
the silver and gold that he had
the silver and gold that he had dedicated from all the nations which he
dedicated from all the nations which he
dedicated from all the nations which he had subdued from Syria from Moab from
had subdued from Syria from Moab from
had subdued from Syria from Moab from the people of Ammon from the Philistines
the people of Ammon from the Philistines
the people of Ammon from the Philistines from Amalek and from the spoil of Haddad
from Amalek and from the spoil of Haddad
from Amalek and from the spoil of Haddad Iza the son of rehab king of Zola and
Iza the son of rehab king of Zola and
Iza the son of rehab king of Zola and David made himself a name when he
David made himself a name when he
David made himself a name when he returned from killing 18,000 Syrians in
returned from killing 18,000 Syrians in
returned from killing 18,000 Syrians in the valley of salt he also put
the valley of salt he also put
the valley of salt he also put Garrison's in Edom throughout all Edom
Garrison's in Edom throughout all Edom
Garrison's in Edom throughout all Edom he put Garrison's and all the
he put Garrison's and all the
he put Garrison's and all the became David's servants and the Lord
became David's servants and the Lord
became David's servants and the Lord preserved David wherever he went
preserved David wherever he went
preserved David wherever he went so David reigned over all Israel and
so David reigned over all Israel and
so David reigned over all Israel and David administered judgment and justice
David administered judgment and justice
David administered judgment and justice to all his people Joab
to all his people Joab
to all his people Joab the son of Zechariah was over the army
the son of Zechariah was over the army
the son of Zechariah was over the army Jehoshaphat the son of a high load was
Jehoshaphat the son of a high load was
Jehoshaphat the son of a high load was recorded Zadok the son of a high term
recorded Zadok the son of a high term
recorded Zadok the son of a high term and ahem Ehrlich the son of a bi affair
and ahem Ehrlich the son of a bi affair
and ahem Ehrlich the son of a bi affair were the priests Surya was the scribe
were the priests Surya was the scribe
were the priests Surya was the scribe benaiah the son of jehoiada was over
benaiah the son of jehoiada was over
benaiah the son of jehoiada was over both the Qura fights and the pillow
both the Qura fights and the pillow
both the Qura fights and the pillow fights and David's sons were chief
fights and David's sons were chief
fights and David's sons were chief ministers